Add StreamsProcessorException (#38)
mirego/trikot.streams: documentation/PUBLISHERS.md

}
```
-> "a b c"

## Exceptions

> Exception are not handled by default in Trikot.streams. To enforce that developers are handling exceptions the right way, they must explicitely catch their exception in the processors block and throw a  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exceptions are not handled by default in `Trikot.streams`. To enforce that developers are handling exceptions the right way, they must explicitly catch their exceptions in the processors block and throw a  
```
